Update issue templates (#305)
arm/arm-toolchain: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/rfc.md

---
name: RFC
about: Request for Comments (RFC)
title: ''
labels: RFC
assignees: ''

---

**Summary**
[A short summary/abstract of what this RFC is about so that readers can quickly judge if they are interested in going into the details or not]

**Background**
[Provide the context: relevant current status and/or history, references to more information]

**Problem (or Opportunity or Goals)**
[Clearly state the problem to solve or the opportunity (goals) to make use of, if this more an improvement/innovation.]

**[Out of Scope]**
[Optional: In cases where people could naturally have expectations/misconceptions about the solution, clearly state what this RFC is not about]

**Proposal**
[Explain and provide relevant details of the actual proposed design or actions]

**[Benefits]**
[Optional: Highlight why the proposal makes sense, especially if this is not a problem solving, but exploiting an opportunity]

**[Implementation or Transition]**

> [Optional: Some solutions many need multiple steps to be implemented or require migration/transition period from the previous approach - outline the plan here]

Reviewer: Typo: many -> may
```suggestion
[Optional: Some solutions may need multiple steps to be implemented or require a migration/transition period from the previous approach - outline the plan here]
```

Author: Will fix, thanks!

**[Risks]**
[Optional: Consider risks and mitigations, if relevant]

> **Alternatives**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**[Alternatives]**
```

Author: Fixed by removing "Optional"
